Chloe Bilverstone: Should have had a robot saying
Chloe Bilverstone: so. Finley, I don't know if you almost told you much about the study already. No.
Chloe Bilverstone: she's just volunteered you about telling you.
Gemma Jameson: I thought you'd be all right for it. Yeah.
Chloe Bilverstone: So I will get up on the screen. Don't know about you, but I find it easier to read something sometimes, but I will read out as well. So I'll just share my screen.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah. Should be able to see my screen now, and I'll just get this one up.
Gemma Jameson: Oh, there we go!
Chloe Bilverstone: Fab.
Gemma Jameson: Yeah.
Chloe Bilverstone: So I'm just gonna yeah, read through it a little bit. So essentially, I go to university in London. And I'm part of like a team of researchers that we're looking into testing this new game. That's hoping, we hope will help us understand a little bit more about parent and adolescents like teenagers, relationships and communication.
Chloe Bilverstone: So essentially, all you'll have to do today is play an online game with your mum for 8 min. We're going to use zoom to record a video of you playing the game doesn't require any like gaming skill. The rules are very simple, and I'll explain them to you in a second. It's designed to be fun. So hopefully, yeah, it will be good in terms of the information you give us today. So the video, like I said, will be kept safe and secure. No one outside of the
Chloe Bilverstone: team will see it, and we'd only tell someone if we were worried about your safety, which I'm sure we're not going to be
Chloe Bilverstone: in terms of taking part. It's completely up to you, and if you've got any questions you can ask me before we start. If you do decide, you'd like to take part. We can start now if you don't, or if maybe you decide sort of halfway through the game. You don't want to play anymore. You can stop at any time.
Gemma Jameson: Opens up for the game.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah, you're all up for it. Yeah.
Gemma Jameson: Yeah, yeah.
Chloe Bilverstone: Perfect. So I'll stop sharing my screen now, and I'm now gonna paste into the chat, the link
Chloe Bilverstone: of the game in the chat now. So if you're able to just open that up.
Gemma Jameson: Yep.
Chloe Bilverstone: And you should get an option that will say, either choose between keyboard and touch screen. Obviously, just choose which one applies to you.
Gemma Jameson: Oh, okay. Well, when you click on the link, yeah.
Chloe Bilverstone: So you click on the link. Yeah, it should then give you the option to do keyboard or touch screen.
Gemma Jameson: Keyboard. Yes, on the laptop. There we go. Yeah.
Chloe Bilverstone: Fab brilliant. And then, if you're able to share your screen with me.
Gemma Jameson: And need to open that back up. Don't I
Gemma Jameson: hang on? I need to. I need to make this one big, and I don't know?
Gemma Jameson: Why would that?
Gemma Jameson: You know what hang on.
Chloe Bilverstone: If you go back on zoom, so are you on zoom.
Gemma Jameson: Hang on.
Gemma Jameson: Got it? Yeah. Here we go.
Chloe Bilverstone: And then, if you share the screen.
Gemma Jameson: There we go!
Chloe Bilverstone: Yep, that's good. I can see that brilliant. And then Philly, are you sat on the left.
Gemma Jameson: Yeah, do we need to stop places.
Chloe Bilverstone: So yeah. So I think it's easier. Finney's on the left. Because of the keys that you're gonna use. I can't tell with the mirroring of zoom.
Gemma Jameson: That's okay.
Chloe Bilverstone: Which way you saw.
Gemma Jameson: Make sure this has got plenty of
Gemma Jameson: right. Can you reach it? All right?
Gemma Jameson: Yeah, yeah.
Chloe Bilverstone: Fab so
Chloe Bilverstone: brilliant. So this is. Etch a sketch. Have either of you seen the etch a sketch toy before?
Gemma Jameson: Yeah, you have one many years ago. Yeah.
Chloe Bilverstone: Really, yeah, yeah, so it's basically the same as the toy. But online. And essentially, can you see the picture on the left.
Gemma Jameson: Yeah.
Chloe Bilverstone: What we're going to want you to copy onto the extra sketch by working together. But there are a few rules to the game. So, Gemma, you can only draw lines that are vertical. So up and down by pressing the O. And M. Keys, and then finally, you can only make horizontal lines. So going side by side by pressing A and d keys.
Chloe Bilverstone: But this and this is important. You can't touch each other's keys.
Chloe Bilverstone: Remember, you can only touch your keys if you want to, at any point you can. If you see in the top right corner there's a new button. So once you start drawing that will become like clickable. So if you do want to sort of start again, you can sort of press new and it will refresh it.
Chloe Bilverstone: You'll have 8 min to copy the image together. I'll mute myself and hide my video to sort of avoid any distractions. But I am here. If you need anything or have any issues. I'll speak to you to tell you when the time is up, and then that's the only part we use for the research. And I'll stop recording at that point. Yeah, is everything sort of clear. Do you have any.
Gemma Jameson: Yeah, yeah, no questions.
Gemma Jameson: No, we're good.
Chloe Bilverstone: All good. So I think if you move your camera a little bit, Jeremy, not quite fully in the screen. There you go. Perfect. Yeah, I think I've told you everything I need to get worried that I'm gonna forget something.
Gemma Jameson: Yeah, okay.
Chloe Bilverstone: I think of. Oh, that was it. Just just again. We kind of want you to play for the full 8 min. So if you do also finish the image, you can just start again and do it again. So I'm just going to get my timer up. Yeah. And then whenever you're ready to go, we can start.
Gemma Jameson: Ready? Yeah, okay? And then you start, okay, miss.
Gemma Jameson: which part are you doing at the minute? Are you doing so you're doing the yeah, okay, that's fine. Yeah.
Gemma Jameson: yeah, right? So then you want me to come down those ones.
Gemma Jameson: Oh, no, that's not right.
Gemma Jameson: M is down.
Gemma Jameson: Yeah. And I appreciate it.
Gemma Jameson: And you're gonna have to get back a call for me.
Gemma Jameson: That's it. It's gonna be a very funny shaped house, isn't it? Yeah, is that right?
Gemma Jameson: Oh, yeah. Well done, literally. Spot on.
Gemma Jameson: Now, if we both press them at the same time. So which one? Which one? Which way? Where are we? Here are we going that way? I was up so ready. 1, 2, 3.
Gemma Jameson: Oh, look at that! Okay, we'll make it a flat roof. Maybe everybody bit further.
Gemma Jameson: And then I've got push, M, haven't I?
Gemma Jameson: That's really funny shape.
Gemma Jameson: Do you want to try again?
Gemma Jameson: Do you want to try again? No, we okay, all right, all right. All right.
Gemma Jameson: Okay, so where do we want to go now? Oh, the like make the like ball. So where is the little thing?
Gemma Jameson: Where's the line at the moment?
Gemma Jameson: We need to come back down, don't we, to the bottom line and you need to go across.
Gemma Jameson: Not just leave arsenal, didn't they were?
Gemma Jameson: No, no, no, don't, because there's stuff in there that can't be washed. Erin. Please leave it alone.
Gemma Jameson: So how do we do the windows?
Gemma Jameson: I don't know. Maybe, like a line go like what you want to go across
Gemma Jameson: and then draw a window. That's gonna be really funny, isn't it? It can be square windows. You want to do square windows. I think you've got to try and make them round.
Gemma Jameson: Where where's your line gone? I can't see it.
Gemma Jameson: Oh, there it is. Okay. 1, 2, 4. I need to come back.
Gemma Jameson: Go back. I'll just come back into here, don't we?
Gemma Jameson: Oh, no, you you can't. I'm not touching a button. No, you can't like go back on it.
Gemma Jameson: You need. It leads to life.
Gemma Jameson: You can look so I'm almost doing it. Okay? So if we do that and then across.
Gemma Jameson: then you go across. Yeah, that Whoa?
Gemma Jameson: And then if I go, can you go across again?
Gemma Jameson: And then, if I go down, you go across again.
Gemma Jameson: Whoa!
Gemma Jameson: You need to back up. You need to reverse it.
Gemma Jameson: You need to reverse. Oh, yeah, no, I see? Yeah, no, that does work, doesn't it?
Gemma Jameson: Oh, I can't do far now.
Gemma Jameson: Yeah, down. That's it. Yeah, down. Can't go down. Oh, no, I'm down, aren't I, yeah.
Gemma Jameson: And then you'll cross. You're gonna come back to this bit. No. But then we need to go up.
Gemma Jameson: and then we need to do the pane of glass outside, though, don't you?
Gemma Jameson: Yeah. The unit? Oh, I need to. Up. Yeah, right? Okay.
Gemma Jameson: There you go. Not a year across.
Gemma Jameson: Oh, stop and then go up to like there and then like across.
Gemma Jameson: Oh, let me come down. One.
Gemma Jameson: Okay.
Gemma Jameson: Oh, hello!
Gemma Jameson: Then I'm going now, woman.
Gemma Jameson: No.
Gemma Jameson: Oh.
Gemma Jameson: but you need to put cross in that window, don't you? Yeah, but you're the one that does down
Gemma Jameson: I have done. It's here we're here. Look now, do it!
Gemma Jameson: Oh, the funniest shake to have.
Gemma Jameson: Okay,
Gemma Jameson: And then down, yeah, yeah, okay.
Gemma Jameson: we need to try and put look, we could put a chimney in here to make it look. Yeah, okay. So far, you need a chimney in the picture. Yeah, I know.
Gemma Jameson: So go across bit more. Stop.
Gemma Jameson: Whoa!
Gemma Jameson: She took me ever go ahead.
Gemma Jameson: Let me go a bit higher, and then you go across.
Gemma Jameson: Oh, thank you! Oh, my good! Look at that house!
Gemma Jameson: Do you want to try and do a different one more.
Gemma Jameson: We need to do it again. We've got to do it for 8 min. There needs to be a door hinge. How are they going to? There's no door hinge in that picture. How are they going to open the door?
Gemma Jameson: I'm gonna say.
Gemma Jameson: oh, Nope, what are we trying to straighten it up a bit? Go?
Gemma Jameson: Okay.
Gemma Jameson: where were you going? What do you want me to do? Go down? No, you're not here. No. Oh.
Gemma Jameson: so what's this gonna be opening?
Gemma Jameson: It's a really big door here in the truck in the door.
Gemma Jameson: Okay, so wow, that's it's interesting. It's almost like a half a garage there, isn't it? Yeah.
Gemma Jameson: So if you use your arrows and
Gemma Jameson: go around the door, we can make a little like fine
Gemma Jameson: ball hinge that looks more like a handle, reverse it up. It can be a handle, reverse it up, reverse it up reverse.
Gemma Jameson: Stop!
Gemma Jameson: Oh, no.
Gemma Jameson: I call it. 2 friend. Now.
Gemma Jameson: Where's your little thing? Oh, there we go! Stop! Stop! Stop then, and I'll go up.
Gemma Jameson: We'll just put a little carriage on the side nice.
Gemma Jameson: and then, if we reverse it, if you go back and I'll go down in there we could put a little gory.
Gemma Jameson: Why should it narrow. I can't see it at the corner. Okay?
Gemma Jameson: Why, then go there?
Gemma Jameson: Then you go cross.
Gemma Jameson: Are you happy?
Gemma Jameson: Stop! Be stopping, are you
Gemma Jameson: oops?
Gemma Jameson: Yep, back up, reverse it.
Gemma Jameson: We need to reverse it. I can't. Why.
Gemma Jameson: oh, yeah, you can reverse. I can't. I'm I'm down.
Gemma Jameson: Wow! It was drawing room to sketch. How lovely that!
Gemma Jameson: And then go back across again. It makes a nice bold line at the bottom. Just don't get. Why, the chimney's a bit wobbly up.
Gemma Jameson: How did we go so wrong on the chimney?
Gemma Jameson: Is this a chimney? Because it's a chimney
Gemma Jameson: you could put bedrooms up in there.
Gemma Jameson: There isn't that lovely? Yeah, trying to see.
Chloe Bilverstone: Okay. So the 8 min is up.
Chloe Bilverstone: I'm going to stop the recording now.